hello what's going on guys
welcome back for another show today i'm
going to introduce you a sci-fi suspense
film
the elizabeth harvest in a car running
around a remote rugged mountain
the new bride elizabeth is taken home by
her husband henry on their wedding day
the house is situated on the hillside
palatial but separated
and staffed only by two servants claire
and oliver
there finally comes the nightfall when
the new couple is anxious to let go off
their full loaded hormone
the next day elizabeth is shown around
the villa she finds everything so wild
luxury and gorgeous but except one
forbidden room in the basement that
she's not allowed to enter
elizabeth has to promise to henry even
though she can access any room with her
fingerprint
henry seems too busy out with his
business to accompany his new wife
while elizabeth is always kept alone
idling most of her boring time
by entertaining herself with clothes and
jewelry
and a night after the two servants leave
the villa driven by her curiosity
the still awake elizabeth makes her way
to the forbidden room where she explores
the frozen cabins
and discovers accidentally clones of
herself
she's scared away trying to call the
police for help
but only finds there is no phone
reception in the house
the next morning henry returns home
elizabeth tries hard to control her
anxiety
but unfortunately henry smells something
strange and quickly discovers her deceit
so later that night after a goodbye sex
to his new wife
henry plans to end her life with a
butcher knife in hand
he chases and hunts the begging
elizabeth all around the house
with nowhere to hide and escape
elizabeth finally got killed by the
husband
the following day henry buries the dead
body with help from the two servants
who seem to take nothing serious towards
the death
six weeks later in a car running around
the same mountain
a new elizabeth is taken home with the
same wedding ceremony
everything happens to the same scenarios
designed carefully by henry
the same house tour and the same
wonderful bedtime for hormone let go
without any surprise the new elizabeth
goes through the same experiences
she then gets bored and explores the
forbidden room out of her curiosity
she's then screaming out away from that
hell waking up a new clone body
hibernating inside
as usually planned it's the right time
for henry to enjoy his new game
hunting for the elizabeth who's
discovered the secret
but this time henry turns to get killed
instead by the girl pretending feyn out
later realizing she can't open the front
door even with henry's fingerprint
elizabeth tries to cover the incident
she clears the floor blood
and hides up the body but it's spotted
out soon by the two servants
claire is then getting a heart attack
and rushed to the hospital
while oliver offers to help elizabeth
burn the body and then tells elizabeth
the shocking truth
that she's the fifth clone who has just
wakened up to replace the dead fourth
oliver who's totally blind leader tricks
to imprison elizabeth up
and orders her to read claire's journal
for him the journal reveals that the
original elizabeth was henry's wife
but she died of a rare medical condition
so henry as a famous scientist in the
genetic field
created clones of her the initial two
attempts were unsuccessful
so the letter four clones were kept in
the frozen cabin
waiting for more mature research claire
was hired five years ago to help with
the research on the cure
she spent two years and found a cure for
the medical condition with genetic
coding
while henry implanted the third clone
with memories recorded previously
the third clone turned out to be in good
condition at the beginning
but later she suffered from an issue of
memory dying away
three weeks later the third clone was
claimed dead by henry
for the reason that she suffocated
herself during her deep sleep
claire doubted it a little bit but she
chose to believe henry
and buried the third clone claire helped
henry get through the failure
and they even became lovers to each
other
by taking chance of the dinning time
elizabeth knocks off the blind oliver
ties him up and forces him to give her
the code for the front door
she then rushes to test the code but
finds she's been cheated
she returns angrily for the blind oliver
who's in the basement
taking medical care on a sixth clone
by the time elizabeth loses her
attention she's been taken down again
and get chained up the blind oliver is
eager to know any details
concerning him in claire's journal in
return the man tell her more formation
that claire had already found an
effective way to deal with memory
fainting issue
but henry in fact killed the clones on
purpose
and even blinded oliver for the reason
that oliver challenged him
for his immoral treatment on the clone
with more explores on the journal
elizabeth realizes that oliver is
actually a clone of henry himself
but she keeps the truth from the poor
man only tells him he's henry's son
she then manages to get the front door
code from oliver
but right before her escape for life she
is confronted by the sixth clone holding
a gun
who seemed so confused and unaware of
what had been going on
during the confrontation the new clone
shoots and kills oliver by
accident and badly injures the elizabeth
v
who struggles to make her way out of the
house trying to seek her freedom
ironically she's then shot down by the
coming sixth
before she dies she manages to give the
last words to the sixth
begging the sixth read the journal
herself for the shocking truth
on the next day with breakfast set on
the table elizabeth 6 then begins to
read claire's journal
which tells further details that claire
gets to know actually henry becomes to
entertain himself
by killing his clone wife on purpose
only in that way
he can experience the endless wonderful
wedding sex with his new clone wife
the story ends with claire returning to
the house where the clone elizabeth
gives the journal back to claire
and sets out on her own for a new and
free life
this is daniel cc movie review bye